what's up my peeps my name is Shannon
today we are playing a peak pairs
please beta now as you can see I've been
on day three without sending because I
wanted to check how the game was and
it's pretty cool so we're just going to
continue from there because I urge tears
expect
oh yeah the turn to strike yeah there
was a bombing nothing big
anyway that's us walk in there right I
saw this on greenlight not long ago and
then I saw a popular youtuber do it or
youtubers plural there checkpoint okay
so what do we do right
verify yeah entry visa returning glory
does does so okay so they may have
missing documents I think this is the
tickets I believe and I didn't know this
when you can press space to go into your
discrepancies okay
yep you look good you can go in I've
have a nice day
has a nice day he's nice it's nice yah
yah yah yah okay oh hello lady you're
purple today
oh I excuse me excuse me who do you
think you are coming in to my place
acting like you over the place I'm sorry
but you are you are illegal oh okay
nevermind
yep yep very vans good everything's good
blam blam blam there you go
has nice day has nice use use nice yes
well you're not nice I mean you're
pitiful how could I see we shouldn't
judge people too quickly I should jump
to call a judge oh hello
okay I will certainly check your
establishment out later
but for now you're good you're good yep
all day long I'm letting everybody in
I'm trying to do this as quickly as
possible
Ava okay I will go this as quickly as
possible because I want to get as much
in as possible that way I'll get paid
more because that's how it works
right okay yeah surfing seems to be good
so far you're female that's good
auntie agree oh I didn't believe that's
a real place I'm sorry but not agrees
I'm never heard of that place before
well let me just quickly check let me
just
oh god regional map what'd she say she's
from interior Alta Cruz okay yeah yeah
okay okay you're good to go
lady enjoy your stay enjoy
no no the photo was fun looks fine to me
god I heard about a terrorist attack
yeah man yeah it was a horrible
experience but you know you just got to
go over these things my eats got to get
over them have a nice day
let's just get back four basic rules I
like keeping them up in this corner
papers please thank y'all very much
this is wrong you are wrong Oh wrong one
you say Oh what it says valid on does it
have to be on the exact date no oh wait
would you specific yes there we go this
ticket is wrong I'm sorry mate but
you're not logged in and you denied get
out of here get on my face you ugly fool
I hate you that was very harsh but it's
too late he's already left the building
hello lady how are you it's a nice day
today you're a male some reason get out
my house get out of my house you're a
man you're wrong I don't care Oh
as the doctrine says well get out of you
nobody cares about you
damnit I'm so hot
next please hey you you're very famous
on this game well it does Tusker yep
immediately get the highlight
KaBlam Oh Lord there you ticket please
and Passport
the passport is required my dear friends
ok I'll see you soon
come on we haven't got all day people oh
hello there lady the Federation
everyone looks good I have all wait yeah
yeah have a nice day it's not guaranteed
entry is not guaranteed first fair
enough hello Red Riding Hood how are you
today
how's your wife I mean husband what'd I
say wife you are going home have a nice
day have amazing day next
oh hello mr. hooded man I don't trust
you because you're in a hood although
everything looks good oh yeah in poor
I've got horns just really quickly I
know we didn't have long but
dududududududud yep today have a nice
wonderful day
goodbye next hello there's your man your
man doo doo doo doo doo
Oh mate mate mate mate go go go go we
don't have long
ah that would have died have you got an
entry ticket mate count out until about
1 well tough to tease you're gone you're
gone for good
likes you likes you or your family
papers please
does Oh it's left ok it's expired no not
that one mate you know allowed in get
out of here nobody cares what you say
just get out get out of my home now oh
and yeah does he took it get out there
we go ok we got 60 pounds that's good
that's good
$20 all right there we go everyone's ok
blames tax blacks immigration controls
screw you
there you go that's the game get it I'll
send a download link it's a great game I
love it this is fun if you want me to
make more of these I will I'll try and
be as fast as possible and I like trying
to beat the time I'm in whatever we do
peace I want a biscuit in oh yeah